1. Acceptance of the Terms of Use

Welcome to the website of FDA Rescue. These Terms of Use govern your access and use of www.fdarescue.com and other websites published by FDA Rescue and all content therein (collectively, the "Website").

By using the Website, you agree to abide by and be bound by these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy . FDA Rescue may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time, and any changes are effective immediately upon publication.

2. Permitted and Prohibited Uses

The Website may be used for general informational purposes by current or prospective clients of FDA Rescue in connection with a contemplated engagement of FDA Rescue (which engagement would be subject to separate terms). The Website also may be used for limited non-commercial uses, for academic purposes, or as may be additionally permitted in writing by an officer of FDA Rescue. If you wish to request permission to use any material on the Website for any additional purpose or are not sure whether your intended use of content is permitted, please email us. In connection with the permitted uses, you may download a reasonable number of files made available for download on the Website.

You may not:

    distribute or reproduce content on this Website except as provided above;
    publish, sell, or modify any Website content;
    use any content on the Website for the benefit of any commercial enterprise or individual that offers services in any of the same areas as FDA Rescue, or for any other purpose that may be adverse to FDA Rescue;
    delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Website;
    delete, crop, or otherwise modify the FDA Rescue logo or name from copies of any materials from the Website;
    copy or record any content on the Website using automated programs, bots, software, or any other method of "scraping" content;
    use any "pinger," bots, or automated link checker tool to communicate with the Website;
    alter or interfere with the Website"s code or the front-end appearance of the Website;
    take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Website or related infrastructure;
    obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to any of FDA Rescue's networks, through any means;
    submit spam inquiries to our Website contact forms, or
    use the Website or any content herein for any purposes that are or may be harmful, infringing, defamatory, obscene, or illegal.

3. Intellectual Property Rights

The Website and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to the FDA Rescue name, the FDA Rescue logo, all information, text, displays, graphics, video and audio presentations, reports, blogs, guides, charts, white papers, and their design and arrangement), are owned by FDA Rescue or its licensors, and are protected by international copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

4. Disclaimers and Limitations

This website does not provide legal advice and FDA Rescue is not a law firm. Your use of the Website and its contents, and any reliance you place on the Website or its contents, is at your own risk. The Website does not constitute the provision of professional advice or services, and should not be used as a substitute for obtaining such services.

FDA Rescue does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, functionality, or availability of the Website or any of its contents. FDA Rescue disclaims and you waive any liability by FDA Rescue or its representatives for (i) any reliance on the Website or its contents, (ii) any loss or damage caused by a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack, viruses, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data, or other materials due to your use of this Website or of any third party content available or linked to herein, or (iii) any loss or breach of any personal information transmitted through the Website.

These Terms of Use were last modified on June 13, 2018.
